Step to the second step is to create your site directress, we will use the mkdir command utilizing
the hyphen P flag, the hyphen P flag will create the intermediate directories as required.
You need to change to your slash bar slash w w w directory.
We need to change to the slash va slash w w w directory.
We using the make directory command emcdda or hyphen p the domain name slash public underscore html
slash dot.
Well I've known permission denied.
The reason being the va slash w w w directory is owned by rich w w w the owner is root root so we need
to use the mkdir command with Suda and there is our directory.
The ownership, as you can see is root root.
We need to change the ownership.
So you do own I Fanaa the owner.
We want as our user in my case and the group owner, the web server followed by the POS public HTML,
our user and the web server, well known our user and the web server.